Add a simple README for Thanos (#524)
operate-first/apps: docs/observatorium/thanos/README.md

## Thanos Access

[Thanos](https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos) is a set of components that can be composed into a highly available metric system with unlimited storage capacity, which can be added seamlessly on top of existing Prometheus deployments.

> An instance of Thanos is available for use in OperateFirst.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An instance of Thanos is available for use in Operate First.
```

> Thanos access is open to public and the Query API/Console can be accessed at: <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanos access is open to public and the Query API/Console can be accessed at:

```

http://thanos-query-frontend-opf-observatorium.apps.zero.massopen.cloud/

In this instance of Thanos, metric data will be stored as following:

| Resolution  | Duration    |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| Original    | 7 days      |
| 5 min       | 30 days     |
| 1 hour      | Indefinite  |

> *Note: the resolution and duration of the stored metric data might change in the future*

Reviewer: Can you link to the Thanos docs in here? Like what does the "original" resolution mean and so on.. Just some links explaining what the settings mean.
